So what are the requirements for you to complete this course and to build native mobile apps with React
Native.
You need javascript and react knowledge.
You don't need to be an expert.
But basic knowledge is required.
You don't need to know Android Java swift or objective c or Copland you don't need to know anything
of that will not write code in those languages.
Now regarding the hardware and software you have it depends on what you want to built.
If you want to build an ISIS app which you distribute through the app store then on windows that's not
possible locally but with the help of Expo you can actually build such an app there remotely which means
it's getting built on exposed servers and you can always distribute it to the App Store with the help
of Expo but it's a bit more difficult and if you're not using Expo you absolutely can't build IOW apps
on Windows.
That's simply a restriction imposed by Apple.
Same is true for Linux by the way.
You can't build Iwas apps there either.
Android apps can be built on Windows locally with or without Expo and it's the same for Mac OS and all
platforms.
You can build Iaw and Android apps on Mac OS with or without export without problems.
So it doesn't look too bad.
I'd say no real deal breakers in here.
With that let's dive deeper into React Native and learn all about it.